Hide guides which aren't ready for consumption (#2321)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/doc-Managing_Content/master.adoc

endif::[]

// Render only for relevant and finished contexts
ifndef::katello,satellite,orcharhino[]

> Content management requires the Katello plugin.
> Conversion of an existing installation is not supported.
> See the {InstallingServerDocURL}[Katello installation guide] on how to install Katello.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Content management requires the Katello plug-in.
You cannot install the Katello plug-in on your existing {ProjectServer}.
For more information, see {InstallingServerDocURL}{InstallingServerDocTitle}.
```

Author: I explicitly didn't use `{InstallingServerDocTitle}` because it's for the current flavor, not the Katello flavor.

Reviewer: But if the link resolves for "foreman-el", users will end up at "Installing Foreman on EL", not katello.

Author: Oh yes, you're right.

Author: Now you've distracted me with unrelated work: https://github.com/theforeman/foreman-documentation/pull/2341

Author: Updated now with an explicit link & comment.
